Name: brian

Age: 13
-------
| Event 1 |
You’re obsessed with running and are fit af. One day, you joined a 10k run and just before the finish line, you looked behind to see if anyone was behind you and fell into the roadside drain, twisting your ankle really badly. You 
Choice: climb out of the drain miserably and wait for medical assistance...
Your crush saw you being treated and limping away on crutches and you regretted not toughing it out.

| Event 2 |
You were being bullied and made fun of by your classmate for being depressed. You decide to fight back, and 
Choice: punched them in their backside.
You got sent to the principal’s office for your BRUTAL actions. However, you felt really good and got cured of your depression. Congrats!

| Event 3 |
You just hit puberty and noticed pubic hair growing out of your armpits. You 
Choice: take your dad’s shaver to shave it off.
You had a bad itch and couldn’t stop scratching your armpits wherever you went. Your arch enemy in school made fun of you and called you a baboon. You 
Choice: kept your calm and devised a revenge plan.
Smart choice! You went home later that day, dug up an old deleted post of him acting like a gorilla, and shared it on instagram. Everyone made fun of him in the comments and you gained more followers.

Age: 14
-------
You got nominated for president of the student council and you were so busy that you didn’t take good care of your health. It was worth it though because you became the most popular kid at school!
It is the annual sports festival at your school, and you decide to...
Choice: not to take part.
Your typical asian mom scolded you for being incompetent and banned you from using wifi at home for a week...

Age: 15
-------
You read somewhere about this magical fat-burning pill which cost a fortune and decided to buy it. Obviously it didn’t work and now you’re depressed.
Halfway through your final exams, you had a reaaally bad stomach ache. However, you still had a full page left untouched, you...
Choice: stay put and hope for the best.
You managed to finish the paper but unfortunately you couldn’t hold it in. Your friends made fun of you but to be fair, your mom rewarded you for getting full marks.

Age: 16
-------
One day after school, it was raining very heavily and you forgot to bring your umbrella. Your mom coincidentally got caught in the jam and you caught a cold…
You and some friends were organizing an outing, you suggested going...
Choice: hiking.
You guys had an amazing time watching the sunrise and scenic views at Dragon’s Back!

Age: 17
-------
During your school field trip, you brought your Nintendo Switch which everyone wanted to play. You didn’t let them because it was way too precious to you and now you have no friends…
One day after school, you saw your former classmate and his friends smoking behind the school, you...
Choice: ignore them and keep walking...
Well, nothing happened :D

Age: 18
-------
| Event 1 |
Ever since you were a kid, you had EPIC plans for your 18th birthday and IT’S YOUR BIRTHDAY!
You made terrible life decisions and spent all your money. Now you’re broke... Weirdly, your childhood rival offered you a half day job as a waiter at his dad’s restaurant ‘Ain’t Nobody Got Thai For That!’. You 
Choice: accept his offer.
YOU GOT TROLLED. He made you wear a fake clowney waiter uniform and invited all his friends to see you working in it. You 
Choice: walk out of there casually.
You were kinda regretting not having gotten your paycheck but IT’S YOUR LUCKY DAY because you found a 100 dollar note on the ground just outside the restaurant and used it to throw your epic birthday party.

| Event 2 | 
You can finally start taking driving lessons! However, you got a trashy driving instructor who had anger management issues and disgusting habits. One day, you accidentally forgot to start the car without pressing the clutch and it died. He was having a really bad day and started spitting out all kinds of profanity. You 
Choice: remained calm and apologized nicely to him.
Were you testing out Selena Gomez's 'Kill 'Em With Kindness' tactic? Well, it worked out! He went crazy and resigned on the spot. You got assigned the best instructor ever later that day.

| Event 3 |
You finally get to open a bank account! When you went to the bank that day, you witnessed a bank robbery.
You looked into your wallet and realized you were a broke kid. You 
Choice: call the police.
(sorry it had to be this cliche but...) WISE CHOICE! The police came and caught the robbers, and you got a stupendous amount of cash from the bank manager for your heroic actions!

Age: 19
-------
Oof, you got hit by a car and now you’re in the hospital
You have a really bad stomach ache, what do you do?
Choice: Search Google for a treatment.
Google said you have cancer and will die in 2 days, now you’re just depressed..

Age: 20
-------
You made a weird face and your friend posted it online - you’re now a meme...
You have an exam but didn’t study for it, what do you do?
Choice: Cheat.
You got found out and got suspended!

Age: 21
-------
| Event 1 |
You didn’t take care of your health and fell ill! You...
Choice: Don't see the doctor
Your situation got worse and you had to see the doctor anyway.. Blame yourself!

| Event 2 |
You were diagnosed with depression… You…
Choice: Go for therapy
The therapy sessions worked out and you got out of that dark place, congrats!

Age: 22
-------
You got the chance to get an autograph from your favourite singer, Kanye East!
This rich hot dude named Elongated Mask wants to be your friend!
Choice: Befriend him as a casual friend.
Wise choice, but I can’t tell you why yet…

Age: 23
-------
| Event 1 |
Congratulations! You graduated from university!
Choice: Get a job
You got that sweet 6-figure salary as a fresh grad and you’re making bank!

| Event 2 |
You hit a small jackpot in the lottery!
Choice: Spend it all!
Why...?
